# September 22, 2021 (q3s6)

Today is a beautiful day.

## 2021-09-22 Wed 09:48 AM CDT (admin)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 10:01 AM CDT (*admin, CORE-6436)

Goal is to investigate the status of secdev/clamav_mirror.

- Is it even running? Does it even run? Where should it run?
  - It is running on dev!
  - It should run in the build tier, but is not yet.
  - It last ran minutes ago, so it's actually doing something.
- Is there anything in the buckets now?
  - Yes, and stuff was uploaded minutes ago.
- Cross tier access (all accounts need to access buckets in zr-public)
  - Does not exist

(All these added as subtasks to CORE-6229)
- [ ] Update code to use single bucket (instead of per-tier)
- [ ] Add proper S3 terraform
- [ ] Create terraform to write to zr-public from build tier
- [ ] Get it running in the build account, writing to zr-public
- [ ] Find an app and point the config at the new zr-public bucket
- [ ] Point all apps at zr-public
- [ ] Add monitoring to make sure mirrors are not stale

## 2021-09-22 Wed 11:37 AM CDT (break)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 12:54 PM CDT (*admin, CORE-6436)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 01:28 PM CDT (*code, CORE-6229)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 01:29 PM CDT (meeting, Prod Split Weekly)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 02:33 PM CDT (*code, CORE-6229)

Canned policy that can be added to s3 template for PDX access:
canned_policy_template = "pdx-tier-access.json.tpl"

I'll still need to make the bucket public explicitly.

Jeremy: "To be explicit (in case anyone’s still confused), the bucket should be
in zr-public in us-east-1; the job that writes to it should run in b1-build-uw2"

It's worth noting that I broke the job and it did not alert...

Maybe we shouldn't even have a dev job running. There should just be one on
build that publishes to public, and one on test that publishes to test.

How the fuck is this going to work?
- The Skipper has AssumeRole in all tiers that allows it to read from S3 and write
to SQS.

CAM in zr-test needs to be able to write to and read from zr-test
CAM in zr-build needs to be able to write to and read from zr-public

## 2021-09-22 Wed 05:59 PM CDT (break)

## 2021-09-22 Wed 06:30 PM CDT (*code, CORE-6229)
- [ ] test task one
- [ ] test task two
- [x] test task three
- [ ] test task four

## 2021-09-22 Wed 07:15 PM CDT (break)


